One, take this to a human.
So are you guys ready?
Yes, Shubham, I'm ready. Harsh, Are you ready?
Yes, yes, I'm also ready.
OK, so I'm telling you I'm asking you all guys that how AI will beneficial to human in future.
Can you give me some of the examples?
Yeah, he is in influence on technology is been a crucial part in today's world.
OK, it's good that everyone knows that. Yeah, will play a vital role in your futures also. And but the main reason is can you give me one of the examples that how and how it will ease the life of human beings? Any example in day-to-day life?
Yes, Sir. You can take an example of a AI robots who can do the work of humans, which can lead, which can lead to human which can lead.
Good.
Which can lead to less human efforts. Nowadays you can, uh, take an example of uh robots picking up a heavy heavy packages in the industry. There you can say in the in the factories which will help reduce human strengthen.
Yes, I completely agree to our I, Adil. So in early days no robotics applications were very limited, but now they have become smarter and more efficient by combining with air. So basically air has played a crucial role in the industrial sector by replacing human in terms of productivity and quality.
Yes. Yeah, it's literally is used in every different field of the world. Like, for example, if I talk about EI in my due to day life, I'm using an, you know, smart speakers which are there by Amazon or Google, which can be, you know, do your home automation system. Is there like just within whatever you say like turn off the lights or fans or whatever nodes if you want to take those those home automation system will automatically.
Do whatever you are saying and it will also set a reminder for in case whatever you have told to them.
I completely says. What do you think that may? I will replace the human efforts.
Yeah, at some point, yeah, may replace the human, but still it will need some more advancement to become more advanced. It will still require humans to be developed themselves.
Yeah, or also AI drives down the time taken to perform a task. It also enables multitasking and eases the workload for existing resources, and also the AI enables execution of hard, complex tasks without significant cost outlays.
So according to my point of view.
Exactly it doesn't.
You're, according to my point of view, or no matter how well program air machines are due to respond to humans, but humans are unlikely to develop a such a strong emotions attachment to them. So what I think is artificial intelligence cannot replace humans.
Exactly, just exactly so the conclusion can be said that AI cannot replace human as there's nothing which can surpass the creator and the creator of AI or human, just like human cannot surpass their creator, which are gods.
Apart.
So was that enough for two days?
Are you OK? I tell you may contain.
Apart from this, do you think do you think what is AI dangerous for human?
Uh, yeah. Can be dangerous. Like every coin has two side just like that. AI is being used for good purposes also, but they can be used in the, you know very dangerous purpose also just like they are using in military. The robotic drones which are there which automatically identifies the target and shoots down their enemy down.
So just like that.
And there are many other possibilities, like they can automatically hack the systems off, like important how she is doing and Israel few days ago few you know, few months back the president of less stress phone was hacked by Russian AI agencies. Different things are there.
So there might be different possibilities that they can be controlled different certain automation system can be controlled by some powerful air.
Yeah. And also there are many ethical challenges such as lack of transparency of artificial intelligence tools, AI decisions are not always intelligible to humans. AI is also not neutral. AI based decisions are suspectable to inaccuracies, to discriminatory outcomes, and or they are embedded or inserted by.
Hmm, exactly.
There is. There are many disadvantages.
The first major one.
Basically continue to go.
HARSH. Continue. HARSH country.
So as there are many disadvantages and there are also some of the cons over here. So basically when we use the AI, it's eliminates the human errors and the risk the first mirror vantages of implementing here is that it decreases new money error as well as risks to humans. Secondly it is 24 into 7 availability like if humans are working. So for a human it needs upgrade. So if you use AI robots it doesn't need a break.
Exactly. Yeah, I can be a life saver to human beings, just like a artificial intelligent robots are being used in space exploration. Artificial intelligent robots are being used in a A what we call lifting heavy machineries are and AI robots are also still used in certain military trainings and different aspects of this world.
So whatever dangerous act which are going like in space, there's a chance of injury risk of a human life and different things. But yeah, is performing well.
In those and by saving lives of the humans.
But in conclusion, AI is a device bringing a new revolution in human life, but there are some disadvantage of AI which can be overcome overtime.
So it's on us to how we use AI if you use it properly, it is for our own benefit and if we don't use it properly, then it can harm us.
Exactly. So it was a very good conversation. Now we think we have to end this conversation.
Thank you.
Yeah. Thank you, everyone. Let's end this meet. Have a good day.